Now let's write a function that
takes input from the keyboard and
also combines strings.
Here's an example.
This function is supposed to get
my name and then write it out.
All right, so I write name.
My name is Bill, that was first name.
My last names Boyd and
it will write out your name is Bill Boyd.
So, let's look and see how that worked.
First of all you know we still
have the documentation and
I can see that at the top.
I type in Ctrl+I, okay.
I'm using an input statement
to get from the keyboard.
Now I have to have a prompt, so
that the person will know
what I want to be entered.
So, the input statement
has a prompt as a string,
enter your first name, you see it here.
And then I typed in Bill and
it stored that in this
variable called fname, F for first name.
And then I ask for
another input, and I ask for
last name this time is started into
a variable called lname for last name.
Now I make the full name
by taking the first name
concatenate or adding the string.
A little blank to separate
the first name from the last name.
And then I'll add on the last name.
So, I've got the full name
put together here and
then I'm going to print it together,
print it out.
Print "your name is" and
we'll print the full name.
So, what's new here is with
the input statement and
with concatenation, or adding of strings.
Now, you try it.
I want you to take the same function and
add a couple of features to it.
In addition to getting your name, putting
it together into a string and printing it.
I want you to get the city
that you live in and
the state or nation that you live in.
And write that out in the fashion
that I'm showing you here.
Here is my run.
Enter your first name, Bill.
Enter your last name, Boyd.
Enter the city you live in, Middletown.
Enter the state you live in,
my case Connecticut, okay?
Your name is Bill Boyd.
This is from the previous program example.
And now, you live in Middletown, and I've
put that Middletown down, Connecticut.
And I made a longer string that has
Middletown, Connecticut in it, but
they're separated by a comma.
So, when you go and try and write this
your self and then when you get through,
press the continuation button and
I'll show you my example.
Okay, here is my solution.
I have documentation,
if you like to see that.
Input first and last name,
this documentation is useful and
that gives you instructions
to some work to do.
Input first and last name.
Combine to one string and print.
Also input the city and state and print.
Now, this is exactly what we
had before that's not new but
here's an input statement
that gets the city.
Here's an input statement
that gets the state and
then I combine the city and
state into one string.
And that string has got comma space in the
middle of it to separate city from state.
Now I can print your name is and
print you live in, city, state.
And you don't want to put
this input statement after
you've printed out the name.
Because then over here it wouldn't
have collected all the data and
then written out the result.
It would have connected part of the data
or written out part of the result,
collected some more data and
written out the rest of the result.
That just wouldn't be coot.